Tagged NPM Seed
===============

A blueprint for creating NPM packages.

## How to create an NPM Module

1. Fork this repo and rename it as necessary.
2. Update `package.json` with details for your new package.
3. Place code in `./lib`.
4. Place tests in `./test`.
5. Replace this `./README.md` file with your own that describes how to use your module.
6. Commit everything to your fork.
7. Use `npm publish` to publish your package.

## Files and Directory Structure

The following describes the various files in this repo and the directory structure.

**Note:** Files and directories prefixed by `*` are auto-generated and excluded from the
repository via `.gitignore`.

    .
    ├── Gruntfile.js            # grunt task configuration
    ├── README.md               # this file
    ├── *docs                   # autogenerated documentation
    │   └── *index.html         # each JS file in `./lib` has a corresponding HTML file for documentation
    ├── lib                     # all code for this library will be placed here
    │   └── index.js            # main entry point for your npm package
    ├── *node_modules           # all dependencies will be installed here by npm
    ├── package.json            # description of this package for npm, including dependency lists
    └── test                    # unit test configuration, reports, and specs
        ├── *coverage.html      # code coverage report
        ├── lib                 # specs go here, preferably with a 1:1 mapping to code in `./lib`
        │   └── index_test.js   # example spec for `./lib/index.js`
        ├── mocha.opts          # runtime options for mocha
        └── test_runner.js      # configures mocha environment (e.g. chai, sinon, etc.)

## What's Included?

### Grunt

Grunt is a JavaScript task runner to automate common actions. The Tagged NPM Package Seed
supports the following built-in grunt tasks:

**test**

Runs all unit tests through mocha.

    $ grunt test

**coverage**

Runs all unit tests and generates a code coverage report in `./test/coverage.html`

    $ grunt coverage

**watch**

Automatically runs mocha tests each time a file changes in `./lib` or `./test`.

    $ grunt watch

**docs**

Generates documentation for all JS files within `./lib` using docco. Documentation is
written to `./docs`.

    $ grunt docs

**clean**

Deletes all auto-generated files, including `./docs` and `./test/coverage.html`

### Mocha, Sinon, Chai, Blanket

The ultimate TDD environment for node. Place your specs in `./test/lib`, and run `grunt test`.

See `./test/lib/index_test.js` for examples.
